competency,rating,comments,polarity
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,doing well,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Experience with time ,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Continue seeing patients and developing differentiao,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to familiarize yourself with DSM5 criteria for common diagnoses and develop a broad differential before arriving at a working diagnosis.,-0.11875
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Good recognition of MSK and good DPX,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great at obtaining relevant information. Just remember to highlight keep positive and negative ROS in HPI so those details do not get missed in ROS list later on. ,0.2254545454545455
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to practice.  ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,"Excellent documentation of your call with her guardian, clear and concise. Let's do a progress note and H&P next!",0.30000000000000004
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Did well on a fairly complicated patient. ,-0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Will gain experience with time ,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,good job on this task,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Continue to synthesize patient information as you receive it - this will enable you to obtain more accurate histories, focus on relevant elements of the physical examination and reach more accurate conclusions",0.3666666666666667
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there, creates excellent differentials and is a very thoughtful student. ,0.76
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Knowledge of knee is great.,0.8
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Nothing specifically. Student did a great job of synthesizing a lot of information about patients. Simply more practice with a variety of cases. ,0.65
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,precocious puberty DDX.,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"In a case where diagnosis is unclear, would present your most likely diagnosis (ex., ""aspiration pneumonia""). Then would present other etiologies as possibilities and reasons why.  Would continue to work on organizing presentations a bit more. ",0.14583333333333334
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Work on guiding the patient through the questioning process and begin to think about what ROS questions would be pertinent to the patient based on their comorbidities and reason they’re in the hospital ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Continue study of psychiatry.,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,More practice.,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Doing physical exam first.,0.125
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent job trying to facilitate the CSF sample from Emporia to VCU. This helped us tremendously.,0.6666666666666666
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,See more patients. Read more. ,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,He performed a very thorough interview and got all key areas of needed data.,0.1
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Good expansive ddx. ,0.7
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,"More surgical experience and exposure. Otherwise, excellent student. Enthusiastic learner and impressive fund of knowledge.",0.775
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,He is doing with this as is. ,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"at expected level, just continue to read and study",-0.1
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there," is able to collaborate professionally, politely, and insight-fully during interdisciplinary rounds. ",0.3
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Nothing - she is performing well above 3rd year medical students.,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,He is really good clinical acumen and performs at level higher than his peers.,0.475
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,"continue to take initiative and find ways which will be helpful to your interns/seniors/team. for instance great job with finding out abt family needing different pharmacy for meds but instead of just updating team that family had said that, went ahead and found which pharmacy and wrote down address. little things can go a long way. try to put yourself in the intern's role and continue to be self-aware with what helps. ",0.0813888888888889
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Student did a nice job of presenting her patient on FCR. Her SOAP presentation was thorough and complete, hitting upon pertinent findings.  She had good rapport w her pt's father. I encourage Student to be mindful of her use of medical terminology while presenting on FCR, but overall she did a nice job of using layman's terms during most of her presentation. ",0.35714285714285715
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Already can function independently ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Lalalalala,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Continue reading and working on patient interviews. Good job ,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent job.,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"All relevant information present and relatively organized. Restructuring assessment/plan with either paragraph and bullet points or kept separate. Add important information at the bottom like DVT prophy, NOK, code status. Went over note in detail with Student on wards on 2/15/20. ",0.2
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Basic Ob/Gyn knowledge.   Very hard working, involved, cares for the team and helps staff. Nurses are very pleased with how sweet and kind he is with patients. Patients appreciative of his help and efforts. Very intellectual curious and very hands on. ",0.2567592592592593
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Did very good job. ,0.9099999999999999
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Just more practice.  He is already quite independent with this particular practice.,0.2222222222222222
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Hit all major points of a laparoscopic cholecystectomy consent with the exception of potential need to concert to open. Overall did well and she could explain the important risks like bile leak, retained stone, and bleeding/infection. Next step is to learn how to read a patient's body language during a consent process to adjust non-verbal communication accordingly.",0.07708333333333334
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Great job with the note! Pertinent details and all relevant management information,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More experience,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Very clear presentation on an evasive patient.  May articulate the different possibilities of what is going on in the assessment - he's depressed and wants to die and is lying to us, he WAS depressed and WANTED to die when he was drunk, but not now, etc.",-0.04249999999999998
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Note that PICO should be done BEFORE the article, so your P may be “patients with IPF with low DLCO” or just “patients with IPF”.  Your C should just be “nintedanib alone”.  // If randomization occurred with interactive web… you can infer that it was likely concealed.  // baseline characteristics – would have loved a p value in the article but authors stated they were similar enough.  // good answer re: early stopping of the trial.  // this trial does not allow calculation of ARR, RRR, NNT.  You did list the formula correctly.  // good discussion re: precise CI = precision.  // re: applicability, not everything has to be similar, but should be similar enough for you to infer benefit for your patient // note this study was spawn from a secondary endpoint in another article.  ",0.17692307692307693
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Student would easily become independent in neuro exam with additional practice and experience.  Student independently identified abnormal findings.,0.14444444444444446
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,Should work on making a problem list for every patient.,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Student is open and amenable to learning and instruction. He will make a wonderful physician someday.,0.39999999999999997
Perform General Procedures of a Physician,I did not need to be there,Is great for her level of training,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Based on this presentation, no improvements needed. ",0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Student did a great job. She is nearing becoming independent and should continue doing evals,0.4166666666666667
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I did not need to be there,Nothing. Student is able to hand off all pertinent information. ,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Has most of relevant information, just should work on cohesive story and all recent relevant data even if from prior to current hospitalization. Went over notes together in detail 2/15/20. ",0.21666666666666667
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I had to prompt them from time to time,When you are signing out increase of pain and advised rescanning abdomen as a contingency plan – what complication should night float expect to look for?  Would be good information for the radiologist to keep in mind as they read the scan of the patient. ,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"She has an excellent knowledge base. This, I believe is due to continued self learning. If she  continues this, she will be an excellent physician",0.26875
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Good work with complex patients keeping their problems and plans clear! ,0.17500000000000002
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,he will become more independent as he gets more experience,0.3333333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Your note looked great!! Keep up the good work!,0.9375
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Exams are sufficient,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Knew her stuff. Asked good questions. ,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Direct ophthalmoscopy skills,0.1
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,He is tracking along appropriately for a MS3. Excellent presentation skills. Further improvement and independence are anticipated to come along naturally by seeing patients independently and discussing with the primary resident.,0.3333333333333333
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Very good H&P.  Thorough but focused on key issues.  Will need to work on developing assessment and plan where he needed some prompting.,0.45499999999999996
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Next step is to keep adding to HPI/ review of systems to make sure thinking of all possibilities. Also make sure to do exams for all patients as well to learn normal vs abnormal findings ,0.2875
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,"Student was autonomous in entering orders. She was able to correctly decide which orders to enter and also enter additional unanticipated orders which a consultant recommended. She utilized both orders, and order sets effectively. To become more independent, I would just recommend continued practice to become more familiar with orders, which will also help her become more efficient",0.421875
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Good job, stay organized and maintain focus on main diagnosis in H&P. ",0.4333333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Good preparation , good understanding of basic labor and more common disease states . Will become more fluid in “pt in labor” presentation with just a few more presentations . Clearly knew the pt well ",0.24999999999999994
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Good job thinking through patient with lower extremity edema to determine etiology. Good summary and presentation. ,0.7
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Doing well, just needs more experience and exposure.",0.5
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"able to recommend and interpret appropriately, rarely needs prompting on this",0.4
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case, is super smart and very organized. Great presentations. Keep up the good work!,0.48452380952380947
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"In written notes, continue to try and add more details regarding the HPI of the patient's presentation. Continue to try to and be specific when you describe patient's exams so that it is unique to the patient you saw. For your assessment and plan, keep up with the strategy of highlighting recommendations so that they are clear - but you can add more details about your thoughts regarding the patient's problems and why the suggestions for management are indicated.",0.29500000000000004
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Ask more questions,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More experience,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Above expectations ,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,He does interview indipendently and open to feedback - able to come up with a couple of differential diagnosis - makes insightful comments ,0.25
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Student is doing a great job at formulating plans for triage patients that come with different complaints. He always suggests a plan and is very open to feedback ,0.26666666666666666
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Needs more clinical experience. ,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,Clarify surgical terminology otherwise good job!,0.875
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,continue obtaining throughout histories ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Your notes should communicate a clear assessment of the patient and also a clear plan. Try not to say things like “otherwise no acute events” if that patient had an acute event. Your plan should have actionable items that we’re doing, as well as what the patient needs to do prior to discharge. If you don’t know those things, ask us before writing the note and we can talk through it together ",0.1
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Keep gaining experience,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Student is great working within a team. ,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"when there is a missing piece of information or understanding, skip explanations of why missed to closing the gap with research (eg, asking the patient for clarification or medical record search)",-0.1
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to refine his neurologic history and examination skills.,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"This was one of Student's first patients to work with during his Psychiatry rotation.  This patient was quite difficult and had a rather poor relationship with staff.  Student seemed to exhibit a good demeanor and was warm towards the patient.  His empathy was felt during his interview.  He may need to work on some wording with patients and become less tense but I strongly believe with practice, he would be able to interview in a more smooth manner.",0.1803030303030303
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Complete exam done with diabetic exam,0.1
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,good job overall,0.35
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case," puts forward a lot of effort, humility, and sincerity, which are some most important traits to be successful as a physician.  He needs to stay true to these as he continues to progress as a physician, which will be challenging, as the culture and workload of residency will tend to distract from these things. ",0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,On track with his skills.  Continued practice.  ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Pt would easily become independent with additional experience in epilepsy.,0.21666666666666667
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Maintain a flow of information when summarizing the assessment. ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Student is working on translating her above average medical knowledge into bite sized pieces for families to understand. Work on decreasing medical jargon, pausing between thoughts and eliciting questions from family.",-0.0375
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Performs complete neurologic exam. Can be come more efficient by creating a system for how he examines the patient (i.e. mental status first, then cranial nerves, then strength, etc.)",0.1875
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Good job! Well organized in SOAP format :) on HRP in particular our presentations tend to be problem based and some other services in your future may be like this too. In that presentation format you can organize presentation by problem and report relevant vitals as they pertain to problems (for example if a patient has pre-eclampsia report BPs when you present that problem) rather than at the beginning. You are thorough in your presentations and present well ,0.22708333333333336
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Less critical feedback on oral presentations.  Very thorough, but pertinent and efficient.  His organization suggested a solid understanding of goals and needs.",0.008333333333333338
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue practicing ,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Excellent job today recognizing when to perform prenatal labs and how to interpret them. ,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great job! Keep it up!,1.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great job getting history and pertinent info on this pt. You also came u with a great differential and were very thorough. Keep up the good work,0.625
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I had to prompt them from time to time,Showed initiative by inputting orders!,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Overall good presentation.  When you talk about vitals/objective measures, it's good to interpret them as well (e.g. are you worried about them or not, in addition to whether they were abnormal or not).  ",0.4666666666666666
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,Keep looking at the imaging for all our patients and ask to discuss it,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Doing a great job not only gathering all the information but puts that in the context as well. She will take some more time to understand the intricacies of getting the records, etc. from the outside systems.",0.325
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,more practice,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,increase knowledge base,-0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Keep reevaluating and reflecting,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to see patients,0.0
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I had to talk them through it,Make sure to review all the potential risks. Provide the guardian lots of education but assurance that medication is appropriate for their child. Practice! Practice! Practice!,0.4921875
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Keep up the good work! ,0.875
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,work on establishing a rapport with patients and becoming more efficient,0.475
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,work on Manually BP reading technique and monofilament foot sensation technique,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Good presentation and story told well.,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Student is a pleasure to work with due to her positive attitude and willingness to learn. She needs to work on her fund of knowledge and confidence. I also appreciate her helpfulness. ,0.05113636363636363
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Work on language used for presenting patients in family-centered rounds so parents can understand terminology.,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Fantastic work!! ,0.625
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Keep writing notes and you will get faster. Good job. ,0.7
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,more practice on neuro exam,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to work on coming up with the most acute problem that the patient presents with and defining the diagnosis as the problem develops during their hospital stay. ,0.55
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case," can focus more on providing a streamlined presentation of the patients in the morning on am rounds. He gathers all the information, but can focus more on choosing the important information to share. ",0.4666666666666666
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Great HPI with strong presentation and plan. Student was efficient and good at prioritizing patient concerns. Remember to always get a physical exam as appropriate even when things get hectic in triage. ,0.4866666666666667
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,No.           ,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Meningitis was mentioned as top differential, which is good based on our suspicion as well as it being most dangerous. Next step is talking about differential for meningitis- bacterial, HSV, other viruses. Then also needed to mention UTI",0.1625
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Very independent already ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,More practice.,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Taking into account the impact of chemotherapeutic agents while treating mood and anxiety disorders.,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Improve your exam skills,0.0
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I needed to be available just in case,Student is always involved in updating the electronic handover tool (sign out) for all of her patients. She takes responsibility of her patients and is very helpful to the team.,0.2
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,just needs more experience,0.5
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to see as many patients as possible.  Practice physical exam on 'normal' patients to feel comfortable with what is abnormal.,0.21000000000000002
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Student  did an excellent job in synthesis, organization and presentation of the data. Her presentation was near perfect. I  would encourage  to explain the problems in terms of differential diagnosis (such as anemia due to chronic blood loss as a result of colon cancer). ",0.395
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Exposure, but was able to take complex task (several abnormal lab values) and come up with accurate AND prioritized list of potential diagnoses",0.12000000000000002
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Continue to ask questions and  be proactive.,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"nothing, doing well.",0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,N/A; I am an intern and am still learning myself so the above does not necessarily accurately demonstrate the student's ability as I needed the practice myself. She did extremely well taking a history and when asked questions on differentials she answered all questions correctly. Great team member.,0.11875
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Keep working on physical exam techniques,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Keep up the good work!,0.875
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,great job! ,1.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,"Nothing, Grade A",0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I had to prompt them from time to time,More practice with the system ,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"He did an excellent job in clinic.  He was able to evaluate a complicated (I think all late CKD patients are relatively complicated) patient, on his own and give a very coherent presentation with a complete plan of what to do.  He presented the patient in a very organized, thorough manner,  He summarized the problems.  He anticipated problems we might have with recommended treatment plans and recommended possible plans to do should this complications arise.  I was also very impressed with his well-thought out note.",0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Good overall organization of your case presentations, with good discussion of patient's subjective complaints and review of relevant data. You can continue to work on expressing on rounds your thoughts on management and the rationale behind the interventions or recommendations made.",0.27999999999999997
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to see more pts,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,An exceptional student with the confidence and knowledge to independently see patients.  Impressive.,0.5555555555555555
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Just more experience,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Student doing well. Greatly exceed expectstions,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to expand on differential and treatment. ,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,"none, he is fantasit c",0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,"In difficult cases, dig into pathophysiology as needed. Full understanding changed the differential one patient, and the more important clinical answers to the question can be answered ",0.1875
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Continue to work on identifying acute interval objective changes / findings in the patients chart or hospital course, and developing a plan prior to actually evaluating the patient. This will help with the act of creating a tentative plan outline",0.15
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,This is going to take time - but you are doing well and are obviously paying attention. Keep up the good work.,0.35
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Present, scrubbed and engaged for a hysterectomy. Asked appropriate questions, but would encourage him to closely observe more and ask only a few key, critical questions especially during surgery when the surgeons may be concentrating on key parts of the case.",0.08888888888888889
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,This is about being a team member  so complete independence isn’t the priority ,0.1
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Definitely able to gather information appropriately, identify key elements and work towards a diagnoses, needs some prompting in particularly complex cases and work on expanding differential",0.175
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Altered mental status differential was well organized. No major issues.,-0.065625
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Read more (I say this to all students regardless of progress),0.5
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I did not need to be there,Excellent performance on the early pregnancy loss counseling simulation program. Remember to match the mood of the situation.,0.55
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,Same as previous feed back. Continue to place orders for your patients like you are already doing. Our team is so thankful that you were able to get a charity bed for one of our patients! Keep up the excellent work/patient care. ,0.2916666666666667
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Continue to practice at evaluation, presentation, and differential diagnosis which is stage appropriate since just the beginning of the clinical training.",0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,More organized,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Student has done very well during the rotation. Excellent and very detailed interviews by the end of her rotation. ,0.5733333333333334
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"good discussion of LFT trend and how it fits/doesn't fit with alcoholic hepatitis, and alternative diagnoses.",0.2833333333333334
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,very independent. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue doing detailed physical exam,0.2
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,He is as independent as he can be without his MD degree,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there," Student was great. This was her second day  on the rotation,  and we had a busy schedule. I told her to see a patient. She had  no previous experience examining or talking to a kidney patient. I gave her some background and she jumped right in and did it.  History and exam were fairly  accurate.   She participated in a very independent manner. She just needs more experience. She needs to  I have more medical knowledge about what question she should be asking and what she should be looking for. When relaying the information to an attending, and time is short, she needs to focus on the very pertinent data. Overall an excellent first day. ",0.2746031746031746
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"This was a presentation for a case based teaching conference as opposed to usual ward rounds, and Student did not have access to the instructions usually given at the beginning of the rotation.  Student prepared an excellent case presentation and adapted well to the integration of the team based discussion with the other students. He showed good understanding of a particularly complicated case.",0.09583333333333333
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Student is new to the field of psychiatry and this is his first rotation hence he will need some extra guidance to get settled. Shows great promise!,0.34659090909090906
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Presenting in a more organized manner. overall doing very well,0.2333333333333333
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Well done!  Excellent skills in performing a focused History and Physical Examination!,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to see patients. Read more. ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Observed H&P: Overall a good interaction.  Student demonstrated some open ended styles of history taking like “tell me more about the shortness of breath”.  I would encourage the same approach for the cough (instead of check list, “tell me about the cough”).  Try not to be presumptive (“Do you get more shortness of breath at night?”) or provide choices if you don’t have to. (“is the shortness of breath from your lung not expanding well or that you have to sit down”)  Good echo technique summarizing the timeline of events.  Avoid being suggestive “have you been immobilized more lately and do you think that is contributing to the shortness of breath”.  Ask about sick contact and flu shot in relation to DDx of pneumonia/URI.  Dig in a bit more about PE risk factors post op.  || On Exam, we shared tips on looking at JVD and accessing the LLSB/apex more easily.  Remember to auscultate the abdomen before palpation.  Remember to listen lower for lung exams as lower lobe is deeper than we think.  || Student has a gentle tone/personality and was able to connect well with the patient and his wife who started with being a little annoyed that they are interviewed by multiple folks to being appreciate of the thoroughness of the team.  He made good connection with the patient asking about his past occupation and had a good lead in to other parts of the social history.  || sit down when you can, close the door to eliminate noises.",0.16715079365079366
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Student has done a great job integrating into our pediatric ENT team in a short period of time during her first rotation of 3rd year. She seems more like a student who is confident of skills later on in the 3rd year. Excellent presentations, able to get salient points, working on pediatric physical exam skills which takes much practice. Overall very impressed so far! ",0.325
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Doing well, but don't let patients completely sway your ability to think through a problem, perform an exam and come to your own conclusions.",0.35
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Very thorough. Doing a great job,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Great job documenting a clinical encounter. Keep up the good work!,0.8375
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Very independent and understands what is key findings in presentations,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Keep reading and practicing medicine,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Student was able to write a soap note with a particularly good asessment and plan ,0.6
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Great job with H&Ps on patients in clinic today. Very good rapport with patients and families. Will make an excellent physician. ,0.9033333333333333
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"You've been doing a great job with this and have been asking really good questions. On a separate note, your progress note today was EXCELLENT.",0.8333333333333334
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Just more time - she is doing an outstanding job !!,0.640625
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Doing well, time and experience",0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"She did a wonderful job on documenting the information for the new patient.  But she should work on the assessment and plan.  Not only what is the diagnosis but also why is the diabetes uncontrolled in this patient?  Is it related to lifestyle, inadequate dosing of insulin, patient misunderstanding etc.   If it's a new problem, consider a differential diagnosis to help develop your plan. ",0.2545454545454545
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"when presenting plan, prioritizing what is more important in terms of management. ",0.45
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Student was able to handle this difficult patient well.  I have no large concerns about whether Student can meet with difficult patients in the future.,-0.12142857142857141
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,She did an outstanding job ,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Pleasure to be around. Seemed interested in the work. Good fund of clinical knowledge. ,0.475
Perform General Procedures of a Physician,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continued reading and experience.,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Well developed written evaluation.,0.1
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,He's getting lots of practice and he'll continue to get better and better with exposure!,0.5625
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"thorough, great presentations and differentials",0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Keep writing notes, you will only get faster. Good job ",0.35
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,continue to check in with patients throughout the day and show interest in patient's diagnosis,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Excellent!  Continue the excellent work, Student",1.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,doing well,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Ensure developing a differential diagnosis and formulating provision plan after each patient encounter ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Keep practicing ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Student did an excellent evaluation.  Areas to improve - occasional/rare use of leading questions on review of systems,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue being proactive and keep studying. Focus your presentations on the most pertinent positives and negatives,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Already works independently, just make sure to focus on pertinent findings during presentation",0.25
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I needed to be available just in case,Just do more of them! Practice practice practice,0.625
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case, I observed an H&P presentation which was really well done - did a good job thinking through the main problem with the patient and coming up with a differential diagnosis as well as a reasonable plan. Thorough and presented organized/efficiently.,0.31666666666666665
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Excellent work, succinct presentation with all the key elements.  Ready for AI level work.",0.39999999999999997
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Pay more attention to details that could potentially have a significant impact on patient care, that way you anticipate problems and propose solution before they even present. ",0.21875
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Good performance ,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Great job! You asked all the pertinent information and had open ended questions. Work on thinking of a broader differential prior to entering the room so that you can ask more questions to rule out the more serious conditions. ,0.2777777777777778
Recognize a Patient Requiring Urgent or Emergent Care and Initiate Evaluation and Management,I had to talk them through it,Student is able to recognize when a patient is acutely decompensating and takes an active role to make the team aware. I trust her with her patients.,0.3041666666666667
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent presentation and discussion of the case. Thank you.,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent job presenting. You have a energetic style and are able to convey key points that are often missed by others without giving extra information. Keep up the great work. ,0.4666666666666666
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Good presentation.,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Not much! Your presentation was thorough and well structured without too much extraneous information. Well done! ,0.0625
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,continue reading about pediatric issues,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Work on you chart review efficiency and expanding your knowledge of differentials,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"This particular case was a little challenging as there were two items that were asked, on top of being a transfer from another facility: perioperative cardiac risk assessment and then management of his other chronic medical conditions. To better organize the HPI - first part would have been why patient was admitted to OSH, and what findings/workup there made them concerned for hip osteomyelitis (the way the note was initially written, it is unclear what findings supported the possible hip osteomyelitis - in this case, need to go back to the records that were sent - he had an MRI that showed potentially concerning findings). Then go into the items that would be important to know to determine cardiac risk (activity level, active symptoms concerning for ACS, any prior complications with anesthesia). PMHx, also need to include his R AKA (this was presented verbally, but also need to document as part of PMHx). ",0.10416666666666666
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Will become more confident over time ,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Student has done a nice job presenting patients at RHWP.  He incorporated the assessments of his inter professional team and presented it all in an organized fashion.  He also was able to address the social needs of the patient, recognizing the impact it was having on her health.  ",0.30833333333333335
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Be comfortable in presenting cases. ,0.4
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Excellent job,1.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,none hes doing great,0.8
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,Did great followed  through and worked hard  Listened and corrected his approach ,0.25416666666666665
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Student already very independent, we saw pt together only because there was siginificant vaginal surgery so a good exam should only have ot happen once",0.175
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Continue doing detailed history taking and doing great physical exam,0.4000000000000001
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Remember empty can test,-0.1
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to practice your presentations to get more comfortable. Have confidence in your findings and assessment of the situation ,0.45
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great job eliciting the answers from the cHTN vs migraine vs PEC patient ,0.8
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Nothing! he was awesome!,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Continue to see more patients, he is learning the appropriate rhythm and doing well at his level of training",0.5
Identify System Failures and Contribute to a Culture of Safety and Improvement,I had to prompt them from time to time,Student was open in questioning something that didn’t seem in the patient’s best interest. The next step would be to fill out a safety always. ,0.3333333333333333
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More experience. ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time, is progressing appropriately and interacts well with patients.  His ability to become more independent will improve with more patient encounters and an increased knowledge base.,0.13999999999999999
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I needed to be available just in case,"Nothing, doing well!",0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Awesome job on notes and documentation. You understand what the important information is to get the correct clinical information across.,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to expand ddx and plans,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,none hes doing great,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More practice.,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good job with presentation of this patient.  Difficult subject matter but Student synthesizes things fairly well given her level of education and clinical experience.,0.18333333333333332
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Great job ,0.8
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Continue thinking about relevant questions to tease out seizure semiology, planning ahead in how interview and exam will guide your diagnostic plan",0.4
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue develop organization and synthesis of data for presentations,0.0
Recognize a Patient Requiring Urgent or Emergent Care and Initiate Evaluation and Management,I did not need to be there,Student was able to identify a patient who needed escalating level of care with suicide precautions based on interview. He conducted a thorough suicide risk assessment in order to do this. ,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Student is appropriate for his stage.,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Keep up the great work! Continue to seek out learning opportunities as you have been!,1.0
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,Practice distilling relevant information for orders such as tests or consults. ,0.2
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Will formulated a thorough list of ddx on a child presenting with hematuria and dysuria. After UA results, he was able to prioritize most probable dx and we discussed additional labs to send.",0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent H & Ps in clinic Will improve in details with experience and knowledge One of the most thorough H & Ps from students I have seen,0.75
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"Other than simply getting more experience, no recommendations",0.125
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to do background reading on cases you encounter. Doing a great job on Gyn.,0.8
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent student. Functions at a AI or early resident level. ,0.55
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue the good work!,0.875
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Read more (I literally tell every student this regardless of progress),0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,Presentations could be more organized and I believe that this will come with  more clinical exposure.   Fund of knowledge is good and she has a good rapport with patients.,0.6
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Always consider Cost/availability ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,very independent,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Good job working with the team ,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,skill of neuroradiology image review,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,He did great. No concerns here,0.8
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I had to talk them through it,More experience will help develop this skill,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,nneds to give more in summary statement and organization with assessment and plan,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,N/a he did very well,0.2
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Doing a great job getting history and organizing complex information!,0.21250000000000002
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"Takes thorough and detailed H&Ps, great work and very helpful in Triage!",0.4833333333333334
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Continue to acquire experience.,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Great presentations. You consistently get all of the important information. I only have one small constructive comment which is, for our service I’d encourage you to strive keep our extraneous stuff that isn’t pertinent to your patients active issues. It’s good that you know everything about the patient and have that info accessible so you can answer if asked, but you don’t need to mention every detail. That varies on each service so it’s really a very picky comment. Over all great job!!",0.33416666666666667
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent presentations. ,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Good organization and thorough description of mental status exam,0.3
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"I concur with Dr. Coe that you should try to remember to present to the family, face them, and use laymen's terms or explain the medical terms",0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Keep up the good work.  Ask additional questions with the differential diagnosis of the patient in mind.  ,0.7
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Knew about colonoscopy ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Excellent student. Efficient history taking. Misses some f/u questions, but I'm certain Student will continue to develop these skills as her career progresses. Presentations are concise and well organized",0.4380952380952381
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Student did a great job. She is nearing becoming independent and should continue doing evals,0.4166666666666667
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good motivated student,0.7
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Very interested learner. Did not work with him long enough to make complete eval/recommendations. Interacts well with patients.,0.09375
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,A good job on HT taking work on ddx and plan options. ,0.7
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,She asked great open ended questions and follow ups. Woo work on time efficiency with patients. ,0.4
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continued practice with differential. Will come with experience. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Doing well; keep reading and asking questions in order to gain more clinical knowledge. ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to talk them through it,Be more comfortable talking to new parents!!,0.3710227272727273
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"Did a great job seeing patients this morning, making appropriate diagnoses and assessments. He should work on differential diagnosis and coming up with appropriate plans. ",0.6
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,"As discussed one-on-one, the lack of prior exposure to the specific clinical subject matter (i.e., allergy & immunology) limits the ability to make confident diagnostic and treatment recommendations (this happens with residents and even first year fellows, too). However, she has done very well--skills at synthesizing clinical information are very good, and she quickly absorbed the material. I think simply more exposure to the patients is key, and she will do well (regardless of the specialty or clinical subject matter).",0.21151515151515152
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Already skilled with mature positive manner.,0.27575757575757576
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Overall doing well keeping the presentation organized and developing a coherent plan. ,0.25
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,I worked with Student for 2 weeks a joy to be with will be a great  asset to any residency program ,0.8
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Study meds,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,You are progressing very well in this rotation. You did follow through our feedback regarding note writing and keeping it fluid. We will continue to work on synthesizing data regarding lab and radiology finding. ,0.1
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Great job keep up the good work,0.75
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,She did very well with the exam. ,0.2
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"I really liked the specific plans Student provided that highlighted all the appropriate anticipatory guidance he would discuss with the family. He described skin findings well, however he can improve his note by documenting skin findings in the skin section of his exam rather than, for example, describing a nevus simplex on a baby’s eyelid in the eye section of the exam. ",0.3666666666666667
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Keep up the great work - establish as a habit the regular review of guidelines and literature that pertain to your patient,0.4
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,increase knowledge base,-0.8
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I had to do it,"Consent is not typically something medical students perform, but  displayed great professionalism in discussing with me all the things to consider when doing a consent. Next time he should ask if he can pretend to consent me for something for practice. The more active he is in showing interest/participation the better",0.25
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"Remember red flags, targeted Rx",0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,None......,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue thinking about how the history influences additional neurological exam elements that may not commonly be performed,0.15
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Student was one of the best students that I’ve worked with. She was very independent throughout and used her native language to help interpret one of the patients that came in. She will become even more independent over time as she gains more experience. ,0.4
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,"Student is very independent and very rarely needs to be promoted to take action in a patients care. She is an advocate for anyone she takes care of and is genuinely invested in helping out both her patients and her team members. Her attitude is fantastic, she was a pleasure to work with and her patients loved her. ",0.33166666666666667
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Thorough/accurate presentation of history and exam findings supporting differential diagnosis and treatment plan.,0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Continue to reform your assessment on a daily basis with the new information we gather. Don’t say physical exam unremarkable, give us the pertinent negatives. You are doing great! ",0.28409090909090906
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Discussed including pertinent positives and negative in obtaining HPI and delineating a timeline of / and a chronological order of sx’s to help her formulate her list of ddx. Reviewed PE findings with Student- how to palpate sinuses, when sinuses develop in children, and the location of head/neck lymphatic chains.",-0.15
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Very thorough and accurate gathering of info from history and physical! Performing at the level of an intern. Great rapport with families and providers. ,0.35000000000000003
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Good organized presentation, especially for day 3 of rotation.  I can tell you are prepared . Complicated patient as well ",0.06666666666666665
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,You did great! Continue seeing difficult patients and making plans based on your findings. Very thorough interviews.,0.2333333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"This is his first clinical rotation, so still needs practice with the physical exam and formulating a plan.  Written notes are excellent and well-organized, showing good thought process and analysis of medical decision-making.",0.39
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Excellent, clear and concise presentation! Ready for internship. ",0.35625
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Experience.,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Keep on studying and learning as much as information as possible from clinical experiences. Ask when possible for opportunities to do hands on tasks and keep practicing those skills. You are very medically inquisitive. ,0.05
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,No major concerns,-0.03125
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Great job being part of the team. Multiple times went and talked with consultants and kept patients in the loop on the plan. Keep doing what you are doing!,0.4
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,As he continues to see more patients his charting will be shorter to include only important information instead of all of the information as is expected at his level of training. ,0.2
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to read and practice,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,great job ,0.8
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Able to function independently.,0.25
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good first initial evaluation.  Continue to develop familiarity with psychiatric interview and exam as discussed 5/21.  Continue to work on cognitive exam.,0.31666666666666665
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Student did a good evaluation of this patient without my help,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"Remember ortho, ROM, CV, Special tests. Be consistency",0.35714285714285715
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,continued patient experiences,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent job at forming differential and keeping it broad initially while still listing the diseases you see most concerned about. ,0.390625
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,continue reading to help further justify your diagnostic reasoning,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"He was great! I did not need to prompt him, took initiative to go see the patient and report back to me. Looked up pertinent info and asked appropriate questions regarding the cases we were attending together. He was answering all the questions the attending was asking and had a great differential for each case. We really enjoyed working with Student and he was a great team player.",0.6
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"great student, a ""go getter""",0.8
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue reading and practicing under supervision. He is learning about clerkships and expectations. Noted to be studying hard and a quick learner. ,0.020833333333333315
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Good exam, did SLR test. Discussed about testing strength and sensation. ",0.7
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,review abnormal patterns of electrolytes,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Presentations are organized, thorough and succinct. Engaged and participating on rounds. Showing evidence of outside reading. ",0.0
Perform General Procedures of a Physician,I needed to be available just in case,good job!!,1.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"good decision making, thought process ",0.7
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More study on possible second and third tier possibilities ,0.125
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Doing well,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Good organization of material into the note. Good assessment which included your thought process on the problem,0.7
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,"Nothing! Good, accurate notes with thoughtful assessments.",0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"To become more independent, I always try to think that i do not have an attending, and have a complete plan for the patient. I think that helps and makes you develop better plans.",0.275
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue working on asking more detailed questions about history to support your developing differential (this gets easier as you become more comfortable developing a differential on the fly).  Continue summarizing information back tot he patient for clarification.  ,0.4333333333333333
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,continuing to do good work,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,The student appears to be capable of making good clinical decisions.,0.44999999999999996
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Student is doing great, keep asking smart question s(as you do) and observe.",0.5071428571428571
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to talk them through it,Continue to work on organization and purposeful inclusion of the most pertinent details in order to better convey your plan of care.,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case," did a great job on his inpt Peds rotation-- he was very eager to help out and established great rapport with families. I would encourage  to work on being a little more concise in his assessments -- for example, keep it to active issues such as ""17 yo M admitted w seizures and altered mental status, course c/b HTN, RLE DVT, whose active issues include hematuria, which is improved this morning on most recent void"". It is important to know he was intubated at one point, was hallucinating and aggressive at some points, also during his hospital stay, but as those aren't active issues, I wouldn't include in the daily assessment. Overall  is doing a great job though!",0.19791666666666666
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Experience with time ,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,Just practice and learning of more practical applications of pathologies. He is bright and motivated and his knowledge base seems excellent. His rapport with patients and families is excellent. He is early in third year so he has plenty of time to work on transitioning that skill set to clinical practice rather than test taking.,0.3571428571428572
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Study derm , see lots of patients",0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,He did great! Just needs more time and experience.,0.75
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Student was always aware of his patients' problems and was able to present in a concise way. The best thing he can do is to go by system for when he has to handle complicated patients,0.225
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Increase efficiency, but this was a patient using an interpreter which requires an intentional not-rushed interaction.  ",0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Organization of information improving  Continue to hone medical decision making skills as it relates to newborn plan of care ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Student competently presented her findings from the clinical encounter.  She did an excellent job acknowledging areas of uncertainty.  She will benefit from continuing to organize the encounter by groups of symptoms.   She will also benefit by describing the symptoms rather than the conclusions when presenting the HPI.  For example, rather than saying “schizophrenic symptoms” she could describe the psychotic symptoms.  Again, she competently presented a complex patient.",0.24
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to see various patients,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Already very independent. Thorough and reliable interviews and exams. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Good history and physical exam and good pt rapport in context of pt with challenging personality disorder.  Continue to develop familiarity with cognitive exam and social history.,0.38666666666666666
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"The medical student interviewed an older gentleman with a major neurocognitive disorder. The interview was organized well, and it gave the student the opportunity to identify a correct differential diagnosis that included the most relevant possibilities. In order to become more independent, the student should continue and practice the interviewing and presentation skills with a variety of psychiatric patients.",0.23273809523809524
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Lalalalala,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,The student should try to personalize the treatment plan to the specific needs and co-morbidity of the patient.,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Great student! Always optimistic to learn and see patients. Keep that spark. You'll be a great doctor!!!,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great presentation for a complex patient! Continue to be aware of the ways a patient’s symptoms may affect multiple disease processes and note that as such (i.e. diarrhea may be uncomfortable for pt but may also lead to renal failure due to dehydration.),-0.03333333333333333
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Good questions pertaining GI bleeding and pain.  Avoid suggestive comments like ""anything else like headache?"".  One jargon - anticoagulation.  ",0.7
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,"She is able to find and enter orders correctly independently, but occasionally has questions. ",0.16666666666666666
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,"Great job, good teamwork! Working at resident level.",0.8375
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Very good evaluation with balance between being empathic and gathering history. Obtain more details about PTSD symptoms and mania history. Gather more information regarding substance use and social history. Thank you.,0.48583333333333334
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Did a good job,0.7
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Keep seeing patients,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Practice..,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue improving on H&P and Peds knowledge base.,-0.8
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,It’s always good to be systematic in reading the fetal heart tracings and then you won’t miss anything ,0.7
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Reading more. (The same I would say for all students regardless), doing great so far!",0.35625
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,More practice and more experience. Continue asking questions and being hands on.,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Gain confidence by seeing more patients,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue the great work!,1.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Great job!!!,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,continue to expand differentials ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,attention to details,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,More patients to practice on. ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to be as enthusiastic about learning as she is doing in this rotation,0.6
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,No comment,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to talk them through it,Continue going over normal imaging so that you can identify pathologic findings easier ,0.15
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"Excellent student, clearly engaged in learning. Well above-average interview skills, develops good rapport with patients, clearly articulates history/exam, well thought-out differential/assessment/plan. Will be successful in whatever field of medicine she chooses.",0.53
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Keep up the great work ,0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"very competent, well done",0.65
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Pay attention to thinking critically about differential dx, otherwise  continue doing what you are doing, You're on the right track.   ",0.14285714285714285
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,just more practice and exposure,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Doing a great job presenting on your patient collateral in team; you don't really need the written text, you've got the highlights down perfect.",0.46111111111111114
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great job jumping right in and seeing patients in the ER. Great attitude and hard working student.,0.3985119047619048
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"After developing your DDx, try to further evaluate the most likely ones, and think why one of them would be more likely against the other ones. Think of ways how can you test your hypothesis. ",0.14583333333333334
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent documentation of a clinical encounter. All vital aspects were included with appropriate amount of relevant detail! Keep up the good work!,0.595
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,Keep your Ddx broad and develop a method for eliciting information from patients ,0.0625
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent job!,1.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Should work on being more methodical in collecting information and presenting so nothing is forgotten or missed.  He is doing a great job, especially for just beginning third year!",0.325
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No issues on shift. Well prepared.,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"Good interpretation of tests, able to proceed forward with the critical diagnosies and think outside of the box",0.3
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Present the H and P in a standard fashion. Don't include physical exam with history. Otherwise fantastic overall.,0.08
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Collect and organize date on chronological order,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Nothing in particular.  With more experience naturally comes more fluency.,0.31666666666666665
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"He is doing great, excellent presentation ",0.9
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"MSK, NV, ortho",0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Continue reading, taking the initiative and being an advocate for herself. Enjoyed having her on our team. ",0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Student was able to obtain all the pertinent points on the patient. He was a straight forward post procedure patient. I would encourage Student to continue to build a more independent thought process. I do agree that the reason for patient's pain was post procedure but when the patient was endorsing 15/10 pain, thoughts should be have been expanded to think about other reasons such has hemorrhage or hematoma. Also problem list should have included increase in bicarb and the reasons behind it. This presentation was at the level of a reporter which is where we expect MS-3 to be at. Good Job!",0.19374999999999998
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Watch as many physical exams as possible ,0.16666666666666666
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Refining A/P - much better,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Nothing! Student has been wonderful to have as he knows more about what's going on with the team than I do. ,0.75
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to talk them through it,overall good documentation for his level. this is his first note that he has written for me. I think he will continue to progress as he gets more experienced and is at the appropriate level for a 3rd yr medical student starting his first clinical rotation,0.3
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,She is doing great in the context of follow up medical visits!  Great progress this month. ,0.5333333333333333
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Is able to function independently.,0.25
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,continue to work on gathering a complete HP in a efficient manner. Student is very independent at performing this. ,0.05
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Rephrase question for H&P to get answers if patient's do not want to give up pertinent information: i.e. previous surgery? answer was not recently, then be more directed in asking if they've had abdominal surgery or chest surgery, which are more pertinent in gather for blunt trauma and is of course situation specific.  Great job .",0.2722222222222222
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,good job on consults,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to talk them through it,Good start on finding a laboring cervix. Take advantage of every opportunity to keep on practicing and finding the more difficult ones.,0.2333333333333333
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No constructive things for this patient however was a normal baby. Will be looking at how  integrates his strong organization skills into more complex scenario. ,0.1958333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Nothing. Excellent,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Keep practicing ,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,He is doing very well and is essentially independent at this point. His time efficiency with patient will improve as he continues to see patient which is expected at his level of training. ,0.03333333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"I thought your note was clear, complete, and fairly concise. My only edits would be cosmetic and I'm wondering if you dictated because I have some of the same language issues with the software. You could either spell-check at the end or do a re-read to make sure you said what you mean to say. Otherwise I felt that the content was fine!",0.12604166666666666
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"MSK, Special tests",0.35714285714285715
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent interpersonal skills.,1.0
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I needed to be available just in case,Did a great job ,0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Already impressively independent for how early in the year it is!,0.0625
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,excellent treatment plans,1.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,"Student was very self directed, he completed thorough H&Ps and presented them in an organized manner.  He was polite, on time, and took initiative to research and see patients on his own.",0.4
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,I think it's great to get involved with what physical therapy was doing. Also did well reaching out to ENT. ,0.4
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Did a good job,0.7
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Doing very well.  Continued experience and reading to improve knowledge base and skill.,-0.30000000000000004
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Student builds great provider-patient relationships with her assigned patients. She had been improving during her time on the unit. Recommend she continues to work on re-directing patients when necessary.  ,0.4
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Keep up the good work in organizing the plan in the order of the most important problems. Keep practicing giving your own opinion of what’s going on in terms of each problem and the changing status of the patient on a daily basis.,0.44000000000000006
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I did not need to be there,No issues.,0.0
Recognize a Patient Requiring Urgent or Emergent Care and Initiate Evaluation and Management,I had to prompt them from time to time,Great job. Continue to expand and re-organize the differential diagnosis as new information becomes available.,0.4454545454545455
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"We discussed when CT would be ordered and reviewed CTs and MRIs, student did not review imaging or interpret on his own.",0.6
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to see more patients. He is at his level of training and his doing well. ,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Doing very well,0.2
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"She was able to personally gather and verify information in a complicated pediatric patient, acknowledging areas of uncertainty. Very accurate and concise at a very early stage of her medical training. Adjusted to meet my needs as the receiver while I was multi-tasking some other duties and very respectful of patient autonomy.",0.1416666666666667
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Get assessment of specific testing needs. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,She does great at asking pertinent exam questions and taking charge with patients in the room. ,0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Nice write up for a complex patient ,0.15
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Keep up the good work!,0.875
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Needs to read more ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"good physical exam findings and exam. you picked up on afib, and correctly described HSV vesicles even though your resident was skeptical. trust your clinical exam skills. focus findings on clinically relevant, for instance ankle pain is only specific for certain etiologies if you were worried about tendon rupture, infection, trauma, etc and is not applicable to most inpatient encounters. good job",0.2238095238095238
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Doing a good job,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Needs to work on critical thinking.,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Will was able to perform independently and should continue to perform thorough interviews. He asked all of the key questions and was also able to develop report with his patient. ,0.25
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Continue with mastering H&P,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Good job trying to relate to the patient/ being personable,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Presentations are concise but thorough. She takes a good history and then can relay the information clearly to the entire team. I have a great idea of what is going on with the patient after hearing her presentations.,0.33999999999999997
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,excellent eval history,1.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More clinical exposure,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Use the history to drive follow up questions and focus the interview and physical examination.  Form the differential in real time.,0.1
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to talk them through it,"The reason why we tag-teamed the consults together was not a reflection of her, but a logistical/efficiency decision. ",0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"You did a great job collecting information for the patient history, and your physical exam collected all of the important information. Continue to work on your neurological knowledge to improve your history. You have a solid foundation to work with. Great work!",0.44000000000000006
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Continue to read, ask questions, listening",0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,nothing; good prsentation,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Enjoyed working with you! ,0.625
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"When you are developing a differential diagnosis, always keep it broad, like you are doing. ",0.0625
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Good structured evaluation with balance between being empathic and trying to gather information. Obtain more details about current circumstances leading to hospitalization and screen for different major clusters of psychiatric symptoms. Ask more directed questions to obtain history and ask questions to obtain a narrative of patient's life. Obtain more details about social and developmental history. Thank you. ,0.2869791666666667
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to practice and focus on subtle findings. ,-0.3333333333333333
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"The student interacted well with his patient, and he was able to develop and maintain rapport throughout this interview. The interview was appropriately organized and structured, and he could identify relevant aspects to this hospital stay. The MSE was presented in a logical manner, and the student did not miss any important objective findings. In order to become more independent, the key is additional practice with a variety of psychiatric patients.",0.2833333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"The subjective and objective portions are fine - as many medical students in your position, I would recommend working on organizing the assessment in terms of delineating what you as a medical provider are thinking is happening with your patient - less chronological recounting of events and more interpretation, thinking of it as a thesis statement. You can then return to events that have transpired or lab/imaging that has occurred as ways to support your thesis statement.",0.15625
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"sick/not sick, remember red flags",-0.35714285714285715
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great first day and presentation,0.525
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case, did a great job today interviewing patients and counseled them on their eating habits.  has a good understanding of managing DM with medications as well as lifestyle changes. ,0.75
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,No comment,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Nice job with your note! Like we discussed I just cut out some of the longer sentences so it was faster to read. The only other thing is to make sure you read your notes really carefully when you copy them forward. On Friday your note still said “ugi tomorrow” even though now it was today, and a couple other little things like that",0.10178571428571427
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Nothing....,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Wonderful and thorough job on a complicated patient.,0.25
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue increase fund of knowledge ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"In patients with psychosocial factors as a large contributor to reason for submit, dedicate more time to the obtaining a social history ",0.2492063492063492
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Keep gaining experience,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Continue to demonstrate good critical thinking on your differential diagnosis, and in your presentation, keep up with efforts at organizing the data you present.",0.2333333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,Keep up the good work,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to hone exam skills. ,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Focus on expanding a differential diagnosis rather than getting caught up in minute details.  Begin to recognize that not all diagnoses are perfect,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Will did well with this age group.  It was a complicated patient and he was quite engaged.  ,-0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Student is functioning at a virtually independent intern/junior resident level in our clinics. She is scoping patients, doing excellent H&Ps, coming up with differentials and management plans that are well constructed. Her presentations are concise and to the point and I need  to ask few if any clarifying questions. Will miss having her in our office! ",0.21250000000000002
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Communicate with all team members about the plan for the patient,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Begin to make management recommendations to the patient and document real time,0.2
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to work on patient interaction and communication in the clinic -- making sure patients understand key instructions.  Doing well!,0.25
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Improving steadily throughout the week, definitely able to gather data and apply it to hone in on a diagnoses, cont expanding differential",0.3333333333333333
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue formulate Ample DIfferential diagnosis before narrowing it down ,-0.15555555555555559
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,I think most important is pattern recognition.  Develop a list of possible causes based on each complaint and then let the history and physical exam guide you to what you think is most likely or what additional data you need to narrow it down.,0.08271604938271607
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Student is impressively advanced for a third year medical student. I would place him as a mid-year fourth year medical student in regards to his knowledge, work efficiency, and synthesis. In regards to a patient with extensive PMH including CAD, renal transplant, sickle cell anemia with transfusion monthly, pulmonary HTN, cirrhosis, uncontrolled insulin dependent diabetes he was able to filter out the patient's complaints in relation to all of her active issues. In regards to areas of improvement, I would recommend that Student continue reading on topics that he is unfamiliar with, but by no means do I believe that he lacks a general fund of knowledge.",0.09074074074074075
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,I thought  did a great job discerning a strong differential for his patient's hematuria!,0.6708333333333334
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Good job! Thank you.,0.875
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I did not need to be there,Great job!,1.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to talk them through it,regularly rethink the differential diagnosis to make sure that we are not missing something. Don't anchor on the admitting teams diagnosis. ,0.19999999999999998
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Documentation has been very good. He writes his findings and his reasoning. ,0.9099999999999999
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to push yourself to commit to a differential and care plan for each problem. Stating your case and rationale will help us figure out if you are ready for independence or if you need some more refining,0.35
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,She's doing an excellent job!,1.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,More reading and practice.  He is using resources effectively to broaden assessments/differential diagnoses and just needs more experience to focus in on the most likely possibilities.,0.42000000000000004
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Will formulated a thorough list of differentials as he was obtaining his history,  and was able to prioritize them based on the pertinent positives and negatives.",0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Nothing.  created a thorough differential for this patient with good understanding of diagnoses.,0.7
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,You have been doing a great job,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,He did a good job in evaluating our new patient today. His history taking skills was impressive.  His observation about her general appearance and mental health was quite objective. I hope he will continue to learn about chronic disease and medication management  through the rest of rotation. ,0.29772727272727273
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Great job on a very thorough initial prenatal visit,0.3333333333333333
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Really impressive explanation and investigation into a patient with possible GPA. Able to tie together several minor symptoms into a coherent diagnosis. Without her investigation would likely not have sent ANCA. Keep up that curiosity and attention to detail! Fantastic. ,0.29375
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,she did any outstanding job. ,0.5
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Demonstrated appropriate curiosity in pursuing answer to a clinical question.  ,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Time, experience and exposure",0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Knowledge- he has the skills to do it but would just need more time to be completely independent. ,0.25
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good grasp of preeclampsia and diagnostic work up. Don't forget to review atypical presentations of preeclampsia including HELLP.,0.35
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,he did great,0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,"Keep on studying and working on differentials. Then you can bring information into your oral presentations, even cite resources. This will greatly impress your providers. ",0.8
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Student was a helpful member of the team offering support in a procedural laceration repair. He was patient and present and acted appropriately in terms of intervention,0.25
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"add O2 sat under vitals.  Try not to use uncommon abbreviations.  Did we elicit more findings of the abdominal exam? List trend under relevant labs.  On the assessment and plan, good details re: contingency plan.  I would advise moving some of the info under more relevant problems.  (see details from email)",0.55
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time, is progressing appropriately and shows a good basic understanding of lab results.  He will become more independent with interpretation of lab results as he gains more experience.,0.3666666666666667
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"She is a great reporter of information, and is synthesizing the data well to try to figure out what is going on with the patient. Needs to work on focusing her differential to the top few that need to be actively addressed.",0.2416666666666667
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I had to talk them through it,I am not quite sure how to fill this out - I did not observe Student entering/discussing orders or prescriptions - I did observe an H&P presentation which was really well done - did a good job thinking through the main problem with the patient and coming up with a differential diagnosis as well as a reasonable plan. Thorough and presented organized/efficiently.,0.35333333333333333
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Start with a concise summary and emphasize the most relevant aspects of interval history and exam.,0.3333333333333333
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,He was independent,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,continue to see more patients.  Speed will improve over time.,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,More experience comes with the more physical exams she will perform. Otherwise I have no concerns. She does pay attention to details whenever she walk in a patients' room. She was very observant that a child was being carried around all day and did not walk on his own which made us to get physical therapy involved and significantly improved his life. ,0.31071428571428567
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Nothing. She’s perfect. ,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Nothing. Already very adept at patient evaluation and presentation! ,0.9750000000000001
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"You have been systematically assessing for safety, keep doing that and make sure you never miss any important part like medical hx or family hx ",0.3
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to talk them through it,Student is new to the field of psychiatry and this is his first rotation hence he will need some extra guidance to get settle. Shows great promise,0.2965909090909091
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Did a fantastic job obtaining a thorough H&P, keep up the great work!",0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Good job taking a complete history and physical. There were some history questions very specific to the patient's chief complaint that Student missed, but this was expected given his limited experience in the surgical subspecialty clinic. ",0.046938775510204075
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,See more patients. Read more. ,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Over time, you’ll get a better understanding of some of the less common factors that contribute to the differential diagnosis.",0.011111111111111127
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Keep gaining experience,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,He is tracking along appropriately for a MS3. Excellent presentation skills. Further improvement and independence are anticipated to come along naturally by seeing patient independently and discussing with the primary resident.,0.3333333333333333
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I needed to be available just in case,Aware when informed consent is necessary and has observed multiple consents. Will continue to work on and improve this when she is a resident and is consenting patients.,0.08333333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Be careful of carrying forward typos (It's HOCM for hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy, not HCOM)...important form medico-legal standpoint. Interval events were appropriate- could've also mentioned less distention. If there is a hospital course section (not always necessary, probably useful for this prolonged admission), most people put that before interval events, and it's usually more of a summary instead of a play-by-play. Be careful saying last revision was 11/18...that could imply it was 2 months ago, and not November 2018. The hospital course should also be separated by problem or system, with the most important stuff first. There is a section in the middle about his diagnosis of CKD which is better being a separate paragraph and probably just one line...don't need to discuss how that diagnosis was made in a hospital course section. There were also discharge goals and followup plans in this section, which don't belong here, they belong in the assessment and plan. You also don't need a brief HPI and a hospital course section...they are the same thing, so this is redundant. Respiratory exam mentions abnormal lung sounds, but this is the least important part of this exam- need to mention if there is increased respiratory effort (retractions, flaring, grunting, head bobbing, tachypnea) and how the air movement is. Summary statement in the assessment doesn't need to repeat all his chronic medical problems...can call him medically complex and just include the pertinent medical history. The assessment also says he is still on 10L HFNC, which is incorrect. Assessment should include an assessment of his volume status especially since he has HOCM and CKD. Can make notes more concise by avoiding redundancy- nephrology followup was mentioned twice in the plan. Look at your entire note everyday to see what needs to be updated",0.11419753086419752
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case," did great during his outpatient block! He worked hard and made my life a little easier. I appreciate his help. Thanks man, keep up the good work!",0.31916666666666665
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,No comment,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Solid thought process and plan.,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to read and practice medicine,0.0
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I did not need to be there,"This was his first time putting in orders; he did a great job after being briefly told how to do it. In the future, he could do this by himself without double checking everything.",0.21000000000000002
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Doing a good job,0.7
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,very independent ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Read more, gain more experience and knowledge",0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,the student should read more,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"He is eager to learn and should continue to read more and expand his knowledge base, as every medical student should. He is diligent and hardworking and should continue his current efforts. ",-0.07500000000000001
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,Independent in placing basic orders,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,more experience,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Keep reading and expanding differential starting with what is most likely and including what is life threatening / cannot miss. ,0.16666666666666666
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,At this time you should be doing a complete physical exam to pick up on little subtle findings but in the future you will have to tailor questions and physical exam as time allows. Continue to streamline your morning questioning to improve pre-rounding efficiency,-0.07013888888888888
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Thorough evaluation of a very vulnerable patient.  Student was warm, non-judgmental, empathic.  Can broaden differential diagnosis (big categories such as mood disorders, personality disorder, substance-related, etc) to increase learning from individual cases.  ",-0.010000000000000009
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,R/O red flags. Remember dx/rx work flow,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Excellent job. Will continue to get more comfortable with the more subtle questions and findings of Parkinson’s disease and other movement disorders,0.32361111111111107
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"As I said at the time, I think you did a great job with this interview, you hit pretty much everything you needed to hit, and I think we'll just keep on practicing.",0.4166666666666667
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Continue seeing patients and perfecting his own style. ,0.6
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Doing well,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,good job taking initiative,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Thorough and concise,0.1
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,Continue the great work ,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Being more attentive to details, learning to put together a complete presentation ",0.3333333333333333
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,None......,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,He continues to advance in his Ambulatory training. Doing a great job. Picks up on things quickly. ,0.5666666666666667
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Consider underlying ...,0.0
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,"Positive attitude and always willing to help, great student. She clearly enjoys learning!",0.35056818181818183
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Continue to build on already great PE skills ,0.8
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Nothing....,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,None......,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Working on interview flow, not overusing jargon.  Did great job summarizing patients history. ",0.8
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to expand knowledge base,-0.8
Identify System Failures and Contribute to a Culture of Safety and Improvement,I had to prompt them from time to time,Observe these difficult issues such as doctors changing care plans without notifying other doctors and learn from it.  It will help when you have conversations with patients explaining care plans and remind you to let other providers know.   Good critical incident!,-0.00833333333333334
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Student demonstrated the ability to present information he had gathered and needed. He needed some prompting to cover the mental status examination, but was open to feedback . The patient was a manic patient and we were unable to gather a full history.  In processing the interview, Student was able to state what his findings were and understand the information that he would have ideally liked to have gathered had the patient been more able to respond to queries. I would recommend continuing to  review the elements of the mental status examination. ",0.175
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,She does read on all of her patients. She comes up with different wide differentials. With discussion she was able to answer why one differential works vs another.  Otherwise no concerns. ,0.13333333333333333
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"overall, does a good exam. work on focusing on the pertinents exam findings for the particular patient",0.28888888888888886
Identify System Failures and Contribute to a Culture of Safety and Improvement,I needed to be available just in case,"Doing a great job, especially for this early in the year/rotation. Continued experience will allow him to become more independent. Continue to be proactive when opportunities present themselves, and you will do very well.",0.22857142857142856
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,Try to quickly review the pathophysiology of the condition your patient has so that you can justify your plans and proposed intervention during your presentation. ,0.3333333333333333
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Will is above his expected level of training. ,-0.05
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I needed to be available just in case,nothing to add,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Good differential diagnosis. Continue to develop familiarity with mood disorders.,0.7
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Already on a great trajectory and needs to keep on working with same attitude.,0.4
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to work on thinking about how to be proactive in reaching out to other healthcare providers. Think about how to specific in questions that you ask when calling consults.,-0.0625
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"good student and receptive to critique, will become more independent as he gains experience",0.39999999999999997
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Participated wrll,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Nice interpersonal skills. Great job!,0.8
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Student did exceptionally well.,0.6666666666666666
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue develop organization and synthesis of data for presentations,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Concise and thorough presentation with thoughtful differential diagnoses. ,0.25
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,She is right on track. ,0.2857142857142857
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,review myriad caused at exam,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More experience,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case, did an excellent job with the heart and lung exam on a preoperative exam.,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Very good presentations. Good order and flow. Continue to keep data and diagnosis out of physical exam findings. ,0.5366666666666666
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,"Keep preparing (brief literature review in the topic of the consult) before seeing a patient, as you are doing. ",0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Just practicing more. Great job on the accurate and complete history ,0.45000000000000007
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,Student needs to work on organizing her thoughts into a coherent presentation which is thorough and efficient.  I am not surprised that this is needed as she is at the beginning of her clinical career and has had little exposure heretofore.,0.08750000000000001
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Nothing! Perfect post-op presentation, succinct- you included all the relevant details without anything superfluous and did a good job using the SOAP format. ",0.6999999999999998
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Great job with H&P and pelvic exam as well as communication with patient.,0.8
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,excellent detailed HX and plan,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Does not need to work on anything. Great knee exam. ,0.8
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,proactively identify tasks that he can help with,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Very good indepth discussion of differential diagnosis of pancreatic head mass and biliary obstruction.  ,0.9099999999999999
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to see patients. read more.,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Keep up the great communication ,0.8
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Student was pleasant to work with but a bit timid. He has a keen ability to read people. He was dedicated and very present through out our time together. He asked pertinent questions and was clearly highly motivated to learn. I believe his timidness is related to where he is in his academic training. I would encourage him to speak out on how he conceptualizes cases in the future, and I believe this will grow as he gains more experience. ",0.19904761904761906
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Tailoring HPI questions to likely diagnosis ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Did well - keep doing what you're doing!,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Remember co-morbidity,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"As expected at this stage in the learner's path, the student should try to ""calibrate"" the delivery of the information to both patient and team members according to the specific characteristics of the encounter. ",-0.05
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,The goal or big picture for a patient's care plan can sometimes get lost in focusing too much on the details of patient care.  This can differentiate your care plan from interpreter status to manager status.,0.1
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Continue to push yourself to come up with independent plans, as you are already doing",0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,he did a great job presenting a succinct assessment and plan for our nine-year-old patient!,1.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,I found Student to be a great team member and able to assist the team independently. He assessed patients on his own and made strong presentations with appropriate plans. He was really helpful at keeping the L&D workflow moving and required very little oversight. Great work,0.39884259259259264
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good presentation skills. Should work on getting the presentation more organized.,0.6
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Continue to make age appropriate recs.  ,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Very reasonable prioritization and you had good follow-up questions regarding why one might favor one diagnosis over another.,0.48
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Just continue to be motivated in improving,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Expand on the interview, beyond the usual what, where, timing, exacerbating /alleviating factors. Patients many times have so much more to offer to figure out what the underlying problem is. Just prompt by saying, ""tell me more"" or ""how does that impact your life"". Then, your exam needs /findings will dictate what diagnostics are really indicated",0.29
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Great Job!,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,You did a good job with your note.  Feel free to explain your reasoning in the assessment/plan section.,0.55
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Work on your interview structure. Keep it consistent so you don’t forget things. Obtain history then past medical, surgical, social meds and allergies. Keep interviewing patients so you can practice. ",0.008333333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to read. See more patients ,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Typically, just need to do more cases and have more observed patient encounters. ",0.2777777777777778
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue gaining clinical exposure. ,0.0
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I had to do it,"Discussed the method for obtaining informed consent. Student was interested, asked questions, and was involved. I completed the consent myself due to it needing to be done by a physician ",0.0625
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to expand details,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Great shoulder evaluation. Thorough. ,0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,See more patients to gain experience. Well on his way.,0.5
Recognize a Patient Requiring Urgent or Emergent Care and Initiate Evaluation and Management,I had to talk them through it,More self directed learning ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Student has done a great job in developing for her interview skills, we did discuss that she should continue to practice HPI and full review of systems and over time she will develop a rhythm to her review of systems and not have to think about individual systems and questions as she goes, it will become automatic in nature",0.3833333333333333
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent gathering a history. Has good flow from one section to another. Appropriate exams. Great work. ,0.75
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Good job on your H&P. Continue to work on flow of questions, and be sure to use terms patients understand - say blood pressure instead of hypertension, for example.",0.6
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Student saw and evaluated patients independently with attending in clinic. ,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"Keep up the good work, we will continue to have you do these!",0.875
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Stay organized ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to seek out opportunities for patient care and presentations. ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to work on the structure of an oral presentation and how to be concise when you do not have a lot of time. Good work during the week in improving your presentations,0.39999999999999997
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to talk them through it,"Obtain a full history (all categories) on a new patient; organize information into a presentation that helps listeners rapidly understand the patient situation; possibly make individualized tools (note template, paper template) that make sorting information faster and easier.",0.1621212121212121
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Screen exam for hypothyroid,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"As this is the start of clinical training, to develop confidence and practice as all need to do at this stage",0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"thorough h&p. he can work on efficiency, especially in the setting of a busy clinic. ",0.05
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Keep getting experience,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"Student did a great job interviewing and examining this 89 year old female in for chronic care of multiple medical problems.  He built rapport easily and asked appropriate questions.  Exam was accurate.  My only feedback was an occasional leading question on ROS, which should be avoided",0.22333333333333333
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to develop differential diagnoses and continue to follow a systematic approach to presentation. Nice work this week.,0.6
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No major concerns.,-0.03125
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Note was fairly complete - I needed to update past medical and surgical history sections, but other than that HPI was well organized and appropriately detailed. ",0.025
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,continue to read and develop your clinical skills,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,"EBM assignment: Good PICO.  It’s harder to formulate this with a 2x2 design.  Technically PICO should be made BEFORE the study is acquired, not to be used to summarize the study.  In which case your I should just be IV acetaminophen and C would be Placebo.  Correct answer re: concealment (have to infer based on computer generation) but required some guidance during discussion.   Re baseline characteristics, the differences in the categories you pointed out seem not to be statistically significant, but would be nice to see the P values/equivalent.  Re: equal treatment, my interpretation is that the banned administration of acetaminophen was universal for all groups.  If they did not account for the patient who withdrew, they may still be able to claim modified intention to treat but may not be a true intention to treat.  Have to round up NNT.  The CI was moderately wide.  I would not call it precise.  The 18.3 has to be within the CI so it doesn’t help with determination of precision.  ",0.21041666666666667
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Practice shoulder exam a few more times,0.15
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,More hands on patient care experience,0.5
Recognize a Patient Requiring Urgent or Emergent Care and Initiate Evaluation and Management,I had to prompt them from time to time,More clinical experience with patients. ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Student did well in pre-op exam,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Good exam, compassionate. ",0.7
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Able to work independently.,0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent bedside manner. Good presentation. Thorough evaluation. ,0.85
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Stay focused on patient goals. ,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Great job!!!       ,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,continue improving on H&P,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Excellent student.,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Flesh out a fuller differential diagnosis, and consider treatment options. ",0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Time management in a busy clinic, but overall was very reliable with obtaining history and built rapport with patients. ",0.10000000000000002
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Continue to read and work on knowledge base. Other intangibles are already in place.,-0.4625
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Systematic approach in doing review of systems. ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,continue reading,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Review possible post-op complications for cholecystectomy. In general with patients that have surgery and follow up with us after hospitalization, we review -Discontinued/New medications from hospitalization -Anticipatory guidance re: diet, physical activity, co-morbid medical conditions, etc -Follow up with specialists ",0.012500000000000004
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Not much. He is competent in this area. ,-0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,doing well,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Keep looking things up and asking questions and being proactive about learning. Great job!,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good job with the presentations. ,0.7
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Already independent. Brings appropriate data to the forefront for synthesis. Exam supports diagnosis. ,0.25
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to talk them through it,Student is a good conceptual thinker. The only other way to continue is to start reading/learning evidence-based management of patients. That way her recommendations/interpretations can continue to be refined.,0.19166666666666665
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Good differential dx. Continue to develop familiarity with DSM elements crucial for distinguishing among conditions with overlapping criteria.,0.35
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Continue clinical exposure to more and varied patients to develop better awareness of variations of normal and abnormal in history and exam. ,0.3833333333333333
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Complicated patient, but student looked through imaging and history to help create DDX",-0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Try to work on changing your assessment from day to day, keep findings succinct ",0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,nothing - presentation was fine,0.4166666666666667
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Overall a really great job!! ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Nothing other than experience.  He has a fantastic combination of eagerness, willingness to learn, and self awareness to recognize where his knowledge gaps exist.  I have no doubt that these gaps will be filled in with time and continued humility and curiosity.",0.225
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to follow up on your patients throughout the day... take ownership of patients and follow through on their information without prompting. ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Excellent presentation skills,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,work on conciseness of notes and using chart review to fill in the note for patients who present frequently to triage/clinic,0.05
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to self learn as she is doing currently in this rotation,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,"EBM assignment - forming clinical questions.  Remember your PICO should be done before you search for the article.  So when the info is too narrowed you won't get any results.  For Question #1 you can specify for P whether you are talking about adults or pediatrics.  For the i, perhaps suffice to say ""virtual game on electronic device + standard care"", and C should be ""standard care"".  Question 2: I think suffices to say patients (adults?) that require outpatient antibiotic therapy (the parenteral part is your intervention, the complications is outcome?).  Your I then is parenteral Abx with midline or central line, your C should be Oral antibiotic therapy.  Your O should just be rates of complications.  Question3: for the O, just write subjective measures of vaccine hesitancy.  Remember PICO isn't truly used to summarize the journal but to pose a question BEFORE you search for the journal articles.",-0.1
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Practice - everyone needs this!,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue your current level of investing in reading. Next steps are developing understanding of diagnostic ambiguity and concerning or not concerning features that require additional testing and evaluation but this will develop over time. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Know medication tiers/hierarchy.  ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Good organization and flow of presentation, and knowledge of patient. Continue to focus on the key and relevant findings ",0.3666666666666667
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Nothing.  He has it figured out. ,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Student provided appropriate DF dx for SOB ,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,She is able to put together a good base of differential diagnoses. Refinement of this process and ability will occur with time and more practice. Solid start,0.18
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,"She displayed empathy with patients, built rapport, asked appropriate questions and was able to formulate assessment and plan. Her work demonstrated mastery of skills and exceeded expectations ",0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Nothing in particular.  By seeing more patients this will become second nature.,0.2222222222222222
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,"Student was active participant in interdisciplinary rounds, made meaningful contributions, and displayed professional courtesy. ",0.15555555555555556
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,good job on consults,0.7
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,He independently evaluates PTs and labs well - ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,Doing well.  Just continue to gain more experience.  ,0.5
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to talk them through it,"continue to think about clinical questions that arise when taking care of patients. as more knowledge is gained, more questions will arise as well",0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,gain more knowledge and experience,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"Able to formulate a differential diagnosis and plan well, with her team",0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Doing well at taking initiative and responsibility ,0.0
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,"Just starting to put in orders. By the end of this rotation you will feel more confident in putting in electrolyte réplétion, medications and labs! ",0.375
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Student operated independently. ,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,will server any residency program well,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,keep up the good work,0.7
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Good example of creating a note for a patient with several complex medical issues. Continue to work on making your subjective statements from the patient unique whenever possible, and also for your exam continue to work on adding in the unique details that make a particular patient different from others. Good efforts at organizing plan by problem and including relevant clinical reasoning that supports the recommendations for management in the note.",0.2196969696969697
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Doing well,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Experience, reading",0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to see more patients. Read more. ,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Nothing...,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Good job! Just remember to not pre maturely marrow your differential until you obtain all of the information. ,0.4875
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to develop familiarity with monitoring parameters for chronic psychiatric conditions.,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Continue reading to broaden knowledge ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,He is enagaged and has good clinical skills.  He is doing an excellent job on the ambulatory rotation.,0.85
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Very good discussion of the case.,0.9099999999999999
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Presentations are thorough. Presentations will be even better with continued practice towards organization (i.e. when to talk about physical exam, when to talk about plan, which problem is the highest priority).",0.25
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Keep reading and learning. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,More thorough investigation of psychiatric symptoms ,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Student is very independent at an early stage on documentation. She has been able to write a large variety of outpatient notes (new, established, complex) with only minor or no edits required by me after the first day! She has quickly caught on to our documentation style for professional expectations and goes back behind to check anything that I have changed, all while keeping up in a very hectic clinic. Able to document a very sophisticated assessment and plan. ",0.14353016774891775
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More experience,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Once you learn more about how your findings influence your decisions you start to learn which questions to ask to gain efficiency.,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"You did a great job, despite my ambushing you in team meeting. We will just have you do it more for the next few days.",0.275
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Good collaboration as a member of an interprofessional team.,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Student was able to gather relevant information and develop a good rapport with the patient.  As with all medical students, time will allow him to hold a more focused interview.",0.42000000000000004
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Great work!   After one more observation I would say he could go ahead and I would check his findings.  We have just started to work together.  Overall did a nice job presenting the case.,0.525
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Works and communicates well with all members of the team. Respectful and professional.,0.3
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Make suggestions on what patient can change to make diet better,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,My time with MS 3 Student was limited to one week.  He did extremely well in this brief period of time.  His exam skills are already well developed for his level of education.  He will be an excellent clinician by the time he graduates with ongoing practice.  ,0.18071428571428572
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,H and p ability is strong,0.4333333333333333
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"for your documentation today, would recommend still having a chief complaint at the top of your note, otherwise good job",0.3
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,continue to build on medical fund of knowledge with respect to neurological differential diagnoses,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Good history taking,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Great job! ,1.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,He is doing well with this as is. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Good job asking the important questions for a newborn with constipation. ,0.55
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Work on formulating a concise summary of the patient encounter with clearly defined impression and plan,0.1
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Know how to utilize others in room to help with difficult children. Does well with this already. ,-0.5
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Good recommendation of diagnostic and screening tests.  Continue to develop familiarity with tests required for monitoring with prescription of psychotropic medications.,0.7
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Knowledge of medication and common treatments. Doing great this far. ,0.19999999999999998
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to put together a concise patient review for handoff highlighting the critical points that need to be followed up on by that particular team in the given timeframe.,0.08888888888888889
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Continue to work on depth of knowledge in the field of OBGYN,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Keep up the great work and thoughtful questions. Continue to build a large knowledge base. ,0.15357142857142858
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Student did a great job summarizing a complicated case.  This patient had many complaints and both acute and chronic medical issues but was able to pick out the most relevant pertinent information.  I could see this well organized on her papers.  Student needs to be mindful of diagnoses/procedures that have similar names (i.e. today myelofibrosis versus myelodysplasia) but this is was minor.  Continue to work on coming up with at least 3 different diagnoses for each active problem.  ,0.1782051282051282
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Good job! ,0.875
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Student gave a succinct presentation with emphasis on pertinent details on an elderly patient with mood disorder.,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Have  D.D list,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to practice. ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Very good job approaching the toughest case of all of them, good plans and assessment; work on organization  and the rest will come with time and experience",0.5366666666666666
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Need more clinical experience,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Able to work independently.,0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent work. Keep on the same path,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Good job. Remember to proof read note before completing.,0.7
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Ensure the most important, urgent diagnoses are discussed first.  In this clinical encounter, the patient was experiencing a significant GI bleed, yet your presentation of the A&P started with his SBP.  I feel like this may have been because SBP was his primary problem for so long; when a new more urgent problem arises, it's OK to change the order of your presentation",0.33459595959595956
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No improvement needed. ,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Continue on the path she is on. Daily she became more and more impressive in the way she interacted and interviewed patients. Her presenting to the attending will improve with more practice and time.,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to see more patients. Read more. ,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,No comments.,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,did a nice job where he should be starting his 2nd week in our clinic.,0.19999999999999998
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Great job! ,1.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I had to prompt them from time to time,Doing just fine for a new third year. ,0.18434343434343434
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Nothing - notes include pertinent information in easy-to-read format, includes everything needed, thorough job.",0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to work on differential DX otherwise well done,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"N/A, does a great job with DD. ",0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"She is very driven and eager to do learn and better herself. Her presentations are good and she already has demonstrated the ability to keep them concise and only give the pertinent information. She should remember to always keep the same presentation format each time, so everything is fluid and no parts are forgotten",0.21428571428571427
Recognize a Patient Requiring Urgent or Emergent Care and Initiate Evaluation and Management,I had to talk them through it,"Not quite sure how to fill this one out - I observed Student perform a bedside presentation with a patient - did a great job interacting with the patient, learning how to adjust plan based on new information (not able to give po meds if NG tube in place, etc). More feedback given verbally at the time of the presentation.",0.3372727272727273
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Did great job getting on patients level to make him more comfortable. ,0.5666666666666668
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,In this encounter Student was quite good at figuring out next steps and making plans accordingly.,0.35
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,doing great already,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Needs to work on physical exam skills and organizing presentation (however, showed improvement throughout the rotation)",0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Continue to keep abreast of your patients and anticipate their needs ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Keep practicing! The more you do it the more natural it will get,0.3666666666666667
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Practice her neurological examination, otherwise she is an excellent student. ",1.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Did very good job and just needs to keep doing more exams. ,0.705
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,He is doing well with this already. ,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Great plan for care,0.8
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,I have observed Student working with the team.  He is respectful and incorporates each persons assessments into his presentation.  I also observed him collaborating with his pharmacy colleague during an educational session with the patient.  He should continue to explore the input of the social work students who are younger and less mature but have a lot to offer.   ,0.11944444444444445
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case, was detailed-oriented and efficient when placing orders!,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Will did a great job communicating the information regarding this patient and making an accurate clinical assessment.,0.6000000000000001
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,her oral presentations have definitely improved over the course of the 2 weeks. They have been more thorough and key details have been teased out a bit more.,0.25
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Gain confidence by seeing more patients,0.5
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Continue gaining experience.  ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Just more reps,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Good job thinking about case. Be sure to recognize that with every diagnosis we have supporting and unsupporting findings, make sure to think about other possibilities for patient presentation in case your proposed treatment is not working or other findings suggest a more likely diagnosis. ",0.275
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,continue to increase knowledge base,-0.8
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent counseling of options for early pregnancy loss in simulation. Nice use of SPIKES method and shared decision making. Remember to avoid medical jargo such as “termination of pregnancy”. ,0.34
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Student was able to perform without direct supervision. ,0.3
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,Nothing in particular; continue with great attitude and gaining more experience by doing ,0.48888888888888893
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to read. See more patients ,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Build knowledge base to help understand what is the likely diagnosis in the patient scenario.,-0.4
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,synthesizing/processing patient-reported (subjective) data with objective (medical knowledge) to come up with correct diagnosis.  ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Did well reorganizing the assessment by problem, the plan probably could've been more streamlined by cutting out the old stuff",9.25185853854297e-18
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Well done.,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Nothing in particular.,0.16666666666666666
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"None, she is doing very well",0.2
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Perform a more thorough evaluation of lab data. Address each problem independently and come up with a management strategy ,0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Progressing nicely during the eeek with more organized presentations ,0.55
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Stay curious! Great job. ,0.3375
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"The medical student did an excellent job interviewing a patient who survived a serious suicide attempt. The interview was well structured and organized, and it gave the student the opportunity to identify a correct differential diagnosis. The MSE correctly identified the most relevant objective findings, but it could more ""crisp"" and detailed. In order to become more independent, the student is encouraged to practice as much as possible. ",0.26805555555555555
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"Thorough, relevant and accurate. ",0.4
Obtain Informed Consent for Tests and/or Procedures,I needed to be available just in case,Student is a fantastic student who has improved her surgical decision making and management significantly in the past several weeks on the VA surgery service. She is an advocate for all her patients and will do whatever is needed to facilitate their patient care. She takes initiative to assist the team in whatever way she can and has been a welcome asset to the team. ,0.265
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,doing well,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Good job thinking through differential, as discussed in order to save some time on rounds try to combine information in the differential with the plan, rather than separately saying something like problem x could be caused by a, b, c, or d and here is the plan 1, 2, 3, 4. Say problem x is likely from ""a"" because ___.  plan 1 is testing for that and treating it, in case it is due to ""b"" we are doing thing 2. If things don't get better it might be c or d and we will do plans 3 and 4. ",0.26875
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,Just keep practicing ,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"You ask very good questions, are extremely thorough and curious, and very tolerant when I don't have the best explanations. I think if you keep on as you are doing, more independence will be yours.",0.39749999999999996
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Student was a great team player. She should continue to be proactive ,0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Doing a great job,0.8
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Great job staying enthusiastic and offering your help on the team!,0.775
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Student is a third year medical student working with me in complex care settings in Geriatric Medicine. Our patients usually has lot of comorbidities, and Student is so far doing well in interacting with our patients. He will benefit from individual case based learning after each patient encounter. Each of our patient present unique opportunity for learning and I hope he will grow through this process in this rotation. ",-0.009375000000000008
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Progressing as expected! He is a delight to work with, and has attention to detail. ",-0.125
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,practice identifying pertinent positives/negatives relevant to patient case to streamline presentations,0.4
Recognize a Patient Requiring Urgent or Emergent Care and Initiate Evaluation and Management,I did not need to be there,Student does an excellent job escalating situations and I have no doubt about his abilities!,1.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"I think that Student needs to be more structured with her H&P’s. It’s too easy to let the patient run the conversation, monopolizing your time with non-pertinent information. ",0.4666666666666667
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,None......,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case," She seem to be well prepared for the clinics, but given the structure of the clinic system it was difficult for her to participate in independent activities and show the full extent of her knowledge. ",-0.05000000000000001
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"good job doing a thorough h and p, often will fill in the missing blanks to make a comprehensive story that is reliable and accurate. ",0.3
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to get more and more experience - this will come with time.,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,keep it simple stay on track and follow the SOAP format be more confident forget about others in the room,0.3333333333333333
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good first presentation.  Continue to work on organization of presentation as discussed on 5/21.,0.475
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Thank you for humoring me and coming up with your own problem list based just on labs, medications, and vitals. I think this really helps develop your own plan without being influenced  by another note first. You did a great job of collecting information from the chart and patient independently, and giving the right amount of detail during rounds. Continue to focus on big picture items, and have in your back pocket one or two things that you may be asked on rounds. Also, after a lengthy presentation that has to be detailed as yours was, it would be ok to recap the major plan for the day. Something like: ""today need to stay on top of his fluid status and urine output and creatinine"". this reorients the team and attending and shows that you can zoom back out to the big picture quickly. great job",0.2940126050420168
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"SHe's doing a fantastic job, takes initiative to speak with and examine patients on her own and is hosent about questions regarding findings. Helpful team member!",0.575
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,"Currently exceeds expectations, continue to see patients and read on pertinent subjects ",0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Student is pacing appropriately through his PACE clinic rotation. Each day he is learning new approaches to the pre-operative evaluation.,0.3181818181818182
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to work on using lay terminology when talking with families ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Completely independent with history and physical exam taking. No need for supervision. ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Move from collecting and reporting data to formulating management plans ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Overall nice presentations! As we discussed yesterday you can work on streamlining your presentations and word choice (soft bp vs hypotensive, etc)",0.2833333333333333
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,He is doing well in this area already. ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Prioritize the the assessment and plan to the most relevant issues, keep a broad differential",0.32083333333333336
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,An asset to the team,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great job- keep working on differential and plan,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Very nice job (especially since it appeared that your supervising resident did not prepare you to expect to present the patient that you and another student had evaluated together and you volunteered to do so!). Well organized and thorough. Continue to follow the standard format/order of presenting the elements. Include presentation of a broad differential diagnosis before giving a working diagnosis. Offer management options, including non-pharmacological options such as psychotherapy, or ECT if appropriate. Continue to familiarize yourself with DSM 5 diagnostic criteria.  Again, well done!",0.20964285714285716
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to do it,Continue to make sure your notes are accurate. Your plan from today included medications that we had canceled a few days ago. Your detail in the physical exam and multiple parts of the plan is improving ,0.14000000000000004
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Great note!,1.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Doing well,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to talk them through it,Student is new to the field of psychiatry and this is his first rotation hence he will need some extra guidance to get settle. Shows great promise,0.2965909090909091
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Continue to work on knowledge base and confidence.,-0.8
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Great job. ,0.8
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,Doing great entering orders and sending them to the interns for cosignature which really promotes understanding of the care plan and patient ownership.,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Good presentation.  Continue to develop familiarity with dissociative defense mechanisms.,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"Overall good job with morning patient interview. Good job introducing self and position - make sure to do this even on patients who you have been seeing for multiple days since they see a ton of folks each day. You have a calm and comforting bedside manner that will serve you well. Make sure to ""set up the room"" for optimal success -- turning on lights, turning off TV, and in this case removing a neb that was finished but still very loud. Morning interview shouldn't necessarily be rehashing the entire presentation even if it is your first time to see them, ok to ask a few questions to clarify presentation or if there were things in the documentation that were unclear, but mostly it should focus on interval and overnight events as well as focused symptoms. Good job pivoting to ROS questions when patient was confused. Good focused physical exam, though need to make sure to auscultate lungs in patient with pneumonia. It is helpful to think before you enter the room what focused ROS you don't want to miss and what physical exam systems you want to look at based on their presenting illness. Make sure to ask the patient if ""anything happened overnight"" as well as if they have any questions as both of these things are high yield questions to ask. Timing wise it took you a little long but not overly so, should aim for 5-10 minutes at bedside on the majority of patients in the morning and you took 14. Remember that part of your morning interview should also include finding the bedside nurse and asking if they have anything they want to pass on to the team.",0.2616346153846154
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Experience, reading",0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,More practice.,0.5
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Need more clinical exposure,0.5
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I needed to be available just in case,Good job! just remember to give clear contingencies for the next team,0.325
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Clear and concise presentation on an established patient. ,0.1
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Did a great job!,1.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue interviewing ,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,good clinical thought process ,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to see more normal newborns to be able to differentiate when things are abnormal,0.3833333333333333
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,He continues to advance in his Ambulatory training. Doing a great job. Picks up on things quickly. ,0.5666666666666667
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,I have discussed with student to document further thoughts regarding the diagnosis and assessment of the patient. ,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there, is a great team player!! ,1.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there, writes thoughtful and organized notes in a problem based manner and conveys accurate information in a concise manner.,0.3
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,More practice with physical examination to pick out pertinent findings. Make sure to understand the pathophysiology behind abnormal physical examinations. ,0.12
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,increase knowledge base,-0.8
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Nothing; just more practice. ,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Student is clearly a smart and motivated student. He was able to develop a good differential and demonstrated his outside reading. ,0.35357142857142854
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,He continues to advance in his Ambulatory training. Doing a great job. Picks up on things quickly. ,0.5666666666666667
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Keep reading, progressing quickly! ",0.41666666666666663
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Keep on keeping on. I think as you build a mental map of what different diagnoses look like in practice and continue to exercise your countertransference, it will be easier to come up with relevant diagnoses.",0.10000000000000002
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Patient was wonderful at building rapport. She needs to continue to work on redirecting patient and finishing interview in a timely manor. This will come with more practice. I expect she will do well in all parts of interpersonal medicine. ,0.75
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,He was very thorough and organized in his approach to history taking. He summarized the patient's HPI nicely. Thorough physical exam. ,0.26666666666666666
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Get more practice interviewing patients.  Can move to start thinking about a broad differential diagnosis for the presenting findings.,0.28125
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I needed to be available just in case,Student does a great job with her sign outs. She is able to recognize things that might occur overnight and alert the cross cover resident about them. ,0.43333333333333335
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Nothing. Sees patients independently with little guidance needed. ,-0.09375
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Very thorough,0.2
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to do it,Continue to work on differential diagnosis--doing great!,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Work on your overall organization for all the material that you want to cover, and slow down slightly to allow your audience to follow your discussion more readily. Great thoughts presented on rounds - think about the elements of the plan that you want to highlight in your discussion.",0.11296296296296297
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Very good discussion of the case.,0.9099999999999999
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,"As discussed in person, Make sure to introduce self and position. Ask if anything happened overnight. good review of systems, make sure to think about pertinent things to ask based on current diagnosis (aka in this case with suspected pneumonia need to ask about fevers, chlls, cough, etc). Good job with exam, make sure to take few seconds to focus on general exam as that is probably the most important part. good job with nicely interrupting patient during exam when he was continuing to talk. before exam make sure light is on in room. try to assess JVD for CHF patients daily if possible. ok to nicely tell patient that is rambling that you have to go. Total interview and exam took a little long, try to keep in 5-10 minute range, yours took 14 minutes. ",0.3196428571428571
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,Read more about neurological diseases.,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Experience with time ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Student is able to obtain a thorough history, physical exam, and presents the findings thoroughly and succinctly. ",0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Overall doing very well for her level of training. Very involved and thorough. ,0.13333333333333333
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Kelly's presentations are complete but sometimes don't always flow.  She is able to provide pertinent information but needs to continue to work on critical thinking - what is the differential, prioritizing the differential.  She did a good job in this case of supporting her most likely diagnosis",0.2928571428571428
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Stay organized ,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Great concise presentation stressing the pertinent positives! ,0.4625
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to work on delving into his assessments and plans without prompting ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue the good work,0.7
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Continue to read and practice,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good differential diagnosis and evaluation plan for an infertility patient.  ,0.7
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,He is ready for the big league ,0.1
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Continue reading literature ,0.0
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I did not need to be there,Used evidence based med to answer questions about patient care . Great job,0.8
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue working on list of DD. Good!,0.875
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Concise presentation,0.1
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Determining age/comorbidity goals for A1c,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Ability to synthesize clinical information and basic medical knowledge base are excellent. I think the greatest limiting factor in this case is lack of prior exposure to the specific clinical subject matter (i.e., allergy & immunology). However, the ability to quickly absorb new information is a strong suit, and familiarity with A&I has improved quite well during the rotation.",0.17603305785123965
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,He continues to advance in his Ambulatory training. Doing a great job. Picks up on things quickly. ,0.5666666666666667
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I had to prompt them from time to time,Continue to bring relevant data up to the team and continue to check on your pts ,0.4
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,It was a new experience and he will be better with more opportunities,0.37878787878787873
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continue what he is doing now and lots of reading,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Student is well prepared for rounds. She remains updated on her patients throughout the day. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,continue to look up things that are unclear,0.0
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I had to prompt them from time to time,We discussed appropriate antibiotic choices for a recalcitrant ear infection.,0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"Good job with presenting with problem based information. You are a comfortable presenter and overall are doing a great job. Make sure to briefly include the ""why"" of specific interventions to show you thought it out. Try as much as you can to have plans clearly thought out before presenting, for example in one instance today you were thinking through whether or not to discontinue duonebs with appropriate reasoning, but on rounds ideally you want to fairly quickly state your plan in a confident manner, such as ""discontinue duonebs because patient is not wheezing and this is not a COPD exacerbation"" and spend less time thinking about it out loud. I don't remember word for word but you said something along the lines of ""I think that we can probably stop the duonebs, I don't think that he really needs them, he is getting them every six hours, he only has a mild cough, he hasn't been wheezing this admission, they don't seem to really be helping""",0.27999999999999997
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Nothing....,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Able to function independently.,0.25
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,remember anatomy ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,See other POEs,-0.125
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Mostly gain confidence by seeing more patients,0.5
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,continued patient care,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,"The medical student was able to complete a brief, but structured psychiatric interview, that covered the most important areas. In this context, he was able to identify a good differential diagnosis, that included the most likely conditions. In order to get more independent, the student should continue and practice the interviewing skills with a variety of patients. Additional focus on screening for mood, anxiety, psychotic and other symptoms.",0.21964285714285717
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Complex patient, prioritizing visit",-0.3
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,"None, she is very independent",0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good for first rotation. will continue to improve.,0.475
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,Practice H&P presentations and ensure information is organized and stress important information. ,0.4
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Ask more questions,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Good differential.  Continue development of familiarity with DSM 5 diagnostic criteria and differences in presentation based on context of comorbid conditions.,0.7
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"Continue presenting a treatment plan as thorough as possible, taking into consideration the transition from inpatient into outpatient care. ",0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Re: Alcoholism,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Challenge patient during interview when patient is becoming difficult ,-0.024999999999999994
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I had to prompt them from time to time,Suturing gets better with practice. You take instruction very well and just continue to learn from everyone who teaches and find the best way you like to do things ,0.5666666666666667
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I needed to be available just in case,"Good concise signout, remember to highlight things that need to be performed overnight as a priority",0.39999999999999997
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,Great critical incident post about recognizing the concerns of the patient in taking recommended medication. Explaining the importance of the medication and listening to their concerns and answering their questions will increase their compliance and  therefore improve their health.    ,0.4
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,"She is a go getter, an excellent student and great interactions with familys and medical teams ",0.6
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Good job with this interview. You asked pertinent questions with good follow up questions, too. You had a calm and caring demeanor and the pt felt comfortable. Things to work on: make sure to try and complete a full section of the interview before jumping to the next session, not because it's necessarily wrong to go out of order, but because we all have a tendency to leave out important parts because we don't remember to go back and ask. So for example I would try to get all your SIGECAPS knocked out before you jump to past psych hx and social. Obviously some things will come up out of order if the pt brings it up. Being flexible and fluid with the interview order is a great skill to have, but that's if you can remember not to leave out key points. Also, don't forget to check at least orientation & attention as part of every mental status exam (one of those things that for some reason is easy to forget!).",0.18375
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,build experience,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Very good presentation and discussion of the case.,0.9099999999999999
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I needed to be available just in case,to be more focus when presenting the assessment and plan.,0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Will was able to accurately gather information to check developmental milestones and predict the  developmental age of a 15 mth old child during a well check.,0.3333333333333334
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Good first attempt at initial evaluation with challenging patient.  Don’t forget cognitive exam.  MMSE, clock draw, and or MoCA can be helpful to consider.",0.3625
Give or Receive a Patient Handover to Transition Care Responsibility,I did not need to be there,"Nothing specifically, just more practice. ",0.5
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Be open with encounters instead of  following templates. ,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,broaden differential diagnosis practice on neuro exam,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Great job. ,0.8
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,keep gaining expeerience,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,MSK knowledge. good basic understanding and has good presentation skills. ,0.4666666666666666
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Student is doing great reading about her patients and their diagnosis. Always be curious and keep looking at the literature surrounding the disease processes! ,0.3375
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I had to talk them through it,continue to read ekgs prior to look at the interpretation. skills will continue to improve with time as ekgs takes practice with multiple,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,No comments,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Excellent discussion of the case. Thank you.,1.0
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I did not need to be there,continue what you are doing. Very independent without requiring much direction,0.1
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,"more reading of neurological complication from cancer treatments, e.g. traditional chemotherapy, target therapy, immune check point agents, etc.",0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Gain confidence in deciding on diagnostic and therapeutic plans.  It comes with practice!,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Student does excellent work with differential diagnosis and formation of a plan. Given more time she can work on more data gathering.,0.6666666666666666
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Keep gaining experience,0.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,keep practicing,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,Keep reading and practicing medicine,0.0
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Don't just list what medications are used to treat something. Know the science behind why medications are called ""first line"" vs ""treatment of choice"" vs ""best efficacy"", etc. Clinical trials will always suggest a medication works to a certain extent ; emphasis on ""certain"" ",0.25571428571428567
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Just needs more experience to better understand the context of what a patient tells him. Doing great!,0.6666666666666666
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,does great working with our complex team of genetic counselors and other students. ,0.125
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Student functions well independently,0.0
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,"Student called our consultant, the hepatology team, and was able to clearly and effectively tell them our consult and then convey recommendations! She is doing great and is also so helpful to work with!",0.5875
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case," did an excellent job!  I have no specific critiques-- just keep reading, learning, and expanding your knowledge base and experience (as we all are!)",0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,He is already doing great in examining newborn and very competent.,0.7250000000000001
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,"Needs to expand her physical exam, even when a subspecialty type encounter.  Core elements should always be performed. Otherwidse, outstanding overall.  Excellent history taking, presentation, and written notes.  Strong fund of knowledge. ",0.38666666666666666
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Overall, at expected level. Continue to work on gathering the pertinent history and physical related to the patients particular  presentation",0.01333333333333333
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,continue working with the residents to help out placing orders. Can see if things like daily labs or consults or radiology orders can be placed by you. ,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Very thorough and good presentations ,0.44999999999999996
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Very good patient presentation and summary during rounds. Incorporates feedback well and has noticeable daily improvement.,0.45499999999999996
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Thorough follow up history and mental status exam.,-0.1
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I needed to be available just in case,he is doing a great job!,1.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I did not need to be there,Gave nice relevant presentation of patient with incisional flank hernia. Expect skills will continue to improve as he gains more knowledge & experience. ,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Keep practicing,0.0
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,No comments,0.0
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I did not need to be there,Continue current trajectory. Ready for independence,0.1
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I needed to be available just in case,"Cp, hypothyroid, EKG excellent",1.0
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,continue to see patients and will improve independence,0.0
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Work on keeping things a little more focused, otherwise great job",0.37083333333333335
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Continued practice - did a great job first morning on service presenting newborn patient without having luxury of witnessing many oral presentations previously and being new to newborn medicine. ,0.3039393939393939
Enter and Discuss Orders and Prescriptions,I had to talk them through it,Continue to gather more experience putting orders,0.5
Prioritize a Differential Diagnosis Following a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Student is eager to manage patients. She is somewhat limited in her ability to construct a differential since the current system presents here a completed H+P from which she presents. She will be able to improve her clinical skills as she gathers her own data and thinks through the clinical possibilities for each patient ,0.2571428571428571
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Depression  masquerades in many ways,0.5
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Student always displayed professional behavior during interdisciplinary rounds,0.1
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,I feel She can essentially be independent at this point. He just needs to work on being more time efficient with patients as is expected at his level. He is performing very well. ,0.15000000000000002
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,doing well,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Student has done an amazing job integrating into a peds specialty surgical clinic on her first rotation in a short period of time. She is able to obtain an accurate and focused history that is very organized  in an efficient manner. She demonstrates great patient centered interview skills and incorporates both the child and familiy well. Has clinical reasoning and has quickly caught on to our lines of questioning and how we document things. She is able to perform an appropriately thorough physical exam pertinent to our specialty visit. ,0.37121212121212127
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,keep up the good work,0.7
Collaborate as a Member of an Interprofessional Team,I did not need to be there,Did a good job,0.7
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I had to prompt them from time to time,Work on summary statement to be more comprehensive picture of the current day,0.25
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Be confident in making your own full assessment and say what you want to do.  Even if you are wrong it doesn't matter because you learn best by drawing your own conclusions from the data you have gleaned.,0.42500000000000004
Recognize a Patient Requiring Urgent or Emergent Care and Initiate Evaluation and Management,I needed to be available just in case,"Our patient had one episode of hypoglycemia which was recognized due to patient not eating well his lunch. Therefore, his glargin dose was then thought to be decreased for improved control. ",-0.2625
Recommend and Interpret Common Diagnostic and Screening Tests,I did not need to be there,Independent,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I did not need to be there,Nothing. Sees patients independently with little guidance needed. ,-0.09375
Document a Clinical Encounter in the Patient Record,I needed to be available just in case,Good documentation of followup encounter.  Can discuss potential side effects for which to monitor in plan.,0.35
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,Develop ED focused presentation skills by presenting the pertinent positives and negatives for each complaint.,-0.3
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I needed to be available just in case,Student carried himself with maturity and poise and presented in a succinct and accurate fashion His assessment was on target. Always a benefit to read about all aspects of each pediatric patient to add to knowledge and he already demonstrated applying knowledge from one patient to another while on shift,0.4000000000000001
Provide an Oral Presentation of a Clinical Encounter,I had to prompt them from time to time,"Continue to practice at evaluation, presentation, and differential diagnosis which is stage appropriate since just the beginning of the clinical training.",0.5
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case,Keep reading and studying. Doing great.,0.8
Form Clinical Questions and Retrieve Evidence to Advance Patient Care,I needed to be available just in case,Practice slit-lamp skills,0.0
Gather a History and Perform a Physical Examination,I needed to be available just in case," is doing a great job in outpatient PGP clinic! He conducts a thorough history, and he presents all pertinent information to the Attending in an organized manner. ",1.0
